The body is a male
in his late teens.
The techs just finished
collecting his prints,
blood, and DNA samples.
His suit appeared to be using
converted military technology.
He couldn't have
put this together
without access to an
awful lot of money.
We need to identify him quickly
before someone intervenes.
That goes for those other
God candidates, as well.
[opening theme music]
[melancholy music begins]
There's nothing more
we can do here, Mirai.
Let's go home.
You're exhausted. You really
need to get some sleep.
--I wonder what they'd think.
--Who?
[Mirai] His wife and daughter.
How would they react
if they found out
Mr. Mukaido killed someone?
And on top of that, that the
two of us helped him do it?
I'm sure Ms. Aya
would understand.
She knew how Mr. Mukaido
felt better than anyone.
She'd know in her heart
that we were assisting him
in achieving exactly
what he wanted.
Is that true?
If it were me, I'd try
to stop a family member
from killing another person.
And if someone helped
them to do that,
I'd never have
anything more to do-
You shouldn't be
thinking like that!
The bottom line is,
what Mukaido did
saved every single living
person in the world.
And you didn't do
anything wrong, either.
In the end, you made
the right choice.
The brave choice.
No matter the circumstances,
you always find a
way to get through.
You find the strength
within yourself
to be kind to everyone.
That's who you are.
Even if the entire world
ended up blaming you,
I'd still be on your side.
I'll always support
you, no matter what.
[melancholy music fades]
Nasse, Revel, the Red
Arrow that hit Saki.
Is there a way to nullify it?
Well, you can just wait
for 33 days to pass.
Or you can take her
somewhere and kill her!
I guess I'll just
have to wait 33 days.
[Saki] Am I so
difficult to talk to?
Uh, oh, no, not at all.
But the Red Arrow's
affecting you.
The Red Arrow has
nothing to do with it.
I liked you before
you hit me with it.
And fighting alongside you,
the feeling's only
grown stronger.
And as of right this minute,
I love you more
than I ever have.
[gentle music]
[Nasse giggles]
Okay, I get it.
You shot me with
a Red Arrow once,
so I know what it's like.
You blurt out words you'd
never even dream of saying.
And you find that you've
lost all control of yourself.
I'm saying what I'm saying
even though I know that.
All of that.
Right! Saki has always
liked you a lot, Mirai.
All you need to do
is respond to her.
That's what Red
Arrows are all about.
Besides, Arrows
aren't everything.
Mr. Mukaido certainly didn't
shoot me with a Red Arrow,
but I liked him from the start,
simply for the person he was.
I think what Mr. Mukaido
did for his family
was the definition
of true justice.
Was there something about
Mr. Mukaido you didn't like?
Not at all.
Mr. Mukaido was a true hero.
[Nasse] Interesting.
Mirai approved of killing a
person for the first time.
All this violence
was upsetting to him.
He wanted the process
to be peaceful.
So Saki, I didn't
say anything before
because I didn't want
to upset Mr. Mukaido,
but Metropoliman had been
shot with a Red Arrow.
What?
I don't know if he
ordered someone to do it
or what went on.
But then who shot him?
Well, I guess it had to have
been another God candidate.
After he was killed,
his Wings and the rings
for his Arrows flew
off somewhere,
as did that Red Arrow.
Presumably, they went
back to whoever shot him.
Apparently, it didn't
occur to Revel's group
that we might be
working together.
Penema and I get
along strangely well.
My instincts tell me
we were either friends
or brothers in a previous life.
Or perhaps we
could've been lovers.
I didn't know angels were
aware of their own past lives.
I have to tell you something.
I'm surprised I got so
many Arrows and Wings.
I especially like
the White Arrows.
Just look at 'em.
They're so shiny and pretty.
Thank you, Balta.
Without your help,
I'd never have known
Metropoliman's true identity.
Ah, I'm just disappointed
that Hajime here became
a victim of all this.
But since I got to see
the fascinating show
I was expecting, I'm satisfied.
[chuckles] So Hajime died
without ever knowing anything
about the bigger picture?
Afraid so.
It was going to be easier
for him to go his own way
if he wasn't loaded down
with extraneous knowledge.
That battle would
never have taken place
if it hadn't been for
Hajime's involvement.
You're right.
Anyway, I should head
up to Heaven now.
Give my regards to Penema.
--I will!
--Good luck.
Bye-bye.
That's great.
People really get to go
to Heaven when they die.
What if you're mean, though?
I wonder if Metropoliman
ended up there, too.
This is the last time
we'll see 'em for a while.
We'd seem unhinged if we
stalked them over summer break.
They already think
that you're unhinged.
The word's gotten out
that you're completely
girl-crazy, my friend.
Really? That's ridiculous!
They don't know me at all.
I'm in complete
control of myself.
[arrow thwacks]
Hey, bullseye! Great shot!
She's so cool! Hot damn!
And cute, too! I
think I'm in love!
--[Kanade gasping]
--[energy warbling]
Huh? Are you all right, Kanade?
What's happening?
[Susumu] Here you go.
Can you help me
with my homework?
Yeah. Come to my house.
--Huh?
--Great.
Can we hold hands?
--Sure.
--Huh?
[unsettling music]
Wow! So this is
Metropoliman's base, right?
--Huh?
--[door whirring]
Oh, look at this!
It's a secret control
room! [laughs]
That motorcycle
is just mega-cool.
Can I ride it?
--Okay.
--All right!
Vroom, vroom,
ba-da-ba-da-ba-pa-pa-pa!
Huh? It's Metropoliman's
latest suit!
It's nothing like that cheap
one he used to wear at first.
You've improved it so much.
Kanade, can I have this place
and all this equipment
when you die?
Yeah, of course.
And also, I'm gonna want
Red's White Arrow as well.
Absolutely.
If you end up fighting him
again sometime in the future,
you have to make sure you
take the guy out for good.
You can't run away, even if
you're at a disadvantage.
I promise I won't.
I'll kill him for you by
demonstrating my superiority.
I promise.
So I guess he must've
gone to Heaven,
'cause there doesn't
seem to be a Hell.
[soup bubbling]
Mmm. Tastes good.
Maybe you know.
Do you think Mirai is
a big fan of curry?
He is, right?
I mean, there's no way
he doesn't like curry.
Honestly, is it that much fun
for you, cooking for Mirai?
Of course. I mean, after
all, I do like him.
It would make me so
happy if he enjoyed it.
I'm kinda nervous, though.
I don't know what I'm going to
do if he says it tastes bad.
Huh?
So, Saki currently has three
sets of Wings and Arrows,
including her own.
And my situation hasn't changed,
which leaves four other groups
still active on
the playing field.
That means Metropoliman's
four Wings, four Reds,
and one White all
went to one of them.
Someone out there has as
many as you two combined,
or very likely, they
have even more than that.
Yeah. What happens if their
angel is special-rank?
If it turns out I have to
face two White Arrows...
I sure hope the owner is
nothing like Metropoliman.
What would Mr. Mukaido have
done in this situation?
[door clicks]
Are you in here?
I made some curry for us.
You okay, Mirai?
[Saki sighs softly]
--Mr. Mukaido.
--[Saki exhales]
[birds twittering]
Good morning! Did you
have a good sleep?
Uh, yeah. Where's
Nasse and Revel?
Don't know.
Maybe they're being considerate
and giving us space.
What?
I figure you must be hungry.
Why don't we eat together?
[tender music]
--[Mirai exhales]
--[Saki gasps]
Too spicy? I'm sorry,
I like really spicy curry.
It's fine.
It's just that
it's the first time
I've actually eaten with
someone since I lost my family.
Ever since that time,
everything I've eaten has
been pretty much flavorless.
But all of a sudden, sitting
here, I can taste this curry.
I'm telling you,
it tastes so good.
[celestial music]
All six of us are
now in attendance.
Only half of the original
God candidates still remain.
With that in mind, let
us begin our meeting.
[suspenseful music]
So what is it we're going
to discuss at this meeting?
Are we trying to figure out
each other's intentions?
[Revel] Penema, the
first-rank Angel of Games.
[Ogaro] Not at all.
It's customary to hold a meeting
once half the candidates
have been eliminated.
[Penema] Are there
specific subjects,
or is it a general discussion?
It's important to keep the
lines of communication open.
It's unlikely that
things will keep going
as well as they have
up to this point.
[Revel] Yazeli,
the Angel of Truth.
A self-proclaimed
second-rank angel.
What are you talking about?
I believe there are
no more God candidates
who are willing to kill the
others in order to become God,
which is a relief.
I'd be interested to know,
is anyone's partner genuinely
trying to become God?
[solemn music]
My partner is currently
spending each day
indulging in every
imaginable luxury.
--[Temari sneezes]
--[waves swishing]
Now, what could've
brought that on?
I'm naked, but how
could I catch something
in a warm place like this?
I wonder if anybody's
jealous of me
after checking out
my latest Insta post.
Oh, have they finally
identified Metropoliman? [gasps]
I, for one, am happy
Poliman is dead at last!
Now I just need some
kind soul to become God
who won't confiscate
my Red Arrow
so I can spend the
rest of my days
living in the lap of luxury.
[laughs] I'm not surprised.
Humans always start
acting selfishly
the moment they attain power.
I told her to stop
making Insta posts
so people don't find out
she's a God candidate,
but she won't listen.
If these are the
type of candidates
in the running, at this
rate, it looks to me
like a God will never be chosen.
Hey, don't think like that.
There's no need to
be so pessimistic.
My partner's not
just sitting around.
--He's being proactive.
--Really?
We have a little over
800 days remaining.
You think one of those six
will have stepped up by then?
I think we're gonna
be in for a game
that's very interesting.
Very well.
I suggest we keep a
particularly close eye
on the partner of Penema,
the Angel of Games.
[Penema snickers]
--Are we all in the shot?
--A little more to the right.
--How about now?
--Say cheese!
[Girls] Cheese!
Huh?
[Girls] Is he floating?
--[girl squeals]
--[pedestrians gasping]
[pedestrians clamoring]
[Susumu] Hey! I'm
a God candidate!
[Saki] If I remember right,
you used to like sandwiches,
didn't you, Mirai?
Especially egg salad?
[Mirai] What? I did?
On a kindergarten
field trip one time,
you gave me one of the
egg salad sandwiches
your mother made when I
said they looked good.
Before I knew it, I'd
eaten both mine and yours.
Oh, that's right,
I do remember you
eating all my sandwiches.
Hey, you finally smiled.
You've been so upset since
this God business started.
I just wish we could smile
together like this forever.
Wait, maybe that
means I'm the one
who always liked
sandwiches so much.
--Mm-hmm.
--Mirai! Saki!
It's a God candidate!
Another one's finally
appeared. Come on!
[Reporter] This is
quite a surprise.
The whole world's
talking about you
on social media right now.
Who are you, exactly?
--I remember him.
--Yeah.
He was with Metropoliman
at the amusement park.
Allow me to introduce myself.
My name is Susumu Yuito.
I'm an ordinary boy, and
I'm in the sixth grade.
That is, I used to be ordinary.
That changed when
I became a God candidate.
He was in one of
Mr. Mukaido's photographs,
the ones he had taken
at Jinbo Stadium.
I'm not lying, I'm telling
you the honest truth. See?
What the? Oh, my!
He's flying! He's really flying!
Okay, I know
Metropoliman's gone,
but isn't the boy in danger
by revealing his face?
What if this boy is the one
who shot Metropoliman
with the Red Arrow?
Yes.
That could make him the most
dangerous God candidate of all,
especially if he's inherited
all those Wings and Arrows.
[ominous music]
I was minding my own
business when I was chosen
to become a God
candidate one day.
I don't really want to become
God or anything, you know?
You probably aren't
aware, but I'm the one
who posted Metropoliman's
defeat the other day.
You uploaded that?
That boy goes to grade
school 17 in district 12.
We can be over
there in 10 minutes.
Start a media blackout.
Secure the boy immediately.
We'll see if he is
what he claims to be.
[Hoshi] He's making his move.
[Reporter] Susumu,
can you explain
how you became a God candidate
and what this whole
thing is about?
Well, uh, I was told the
current God wants to retire,
so he got the angels
together and asked them
to go out and find some
people to become the next God.
He got 13 angels to
look for 13 candidates.
He had them search in Tokyo
because it's the most densely
populated city in the world
and because lots of people
there want to kill themselves,
even though their lives
aren't all that bad.
And people who are unhappy
with the way things are
make good God candidates
because they wanna
change the world.
I'm sorry I can't
explain it better.
But the bottom line is,
13 candidates got drafted,
and one of 'em will be
chosen to be the new God.
Another thing you
should know is,
only God candidates
can see angels.
My angel, Penema,
looks like this.
Pretty cool, huh?
That angel, what's his rank?
--He's first-rank.
--Huh.
I have to ask, Susumu,
from what you said,
does that mean you also
wanted to kill yourself?
No, I wasn't into
that idea at all.
I was just an ordinary
grade school student.
I always got along fine
with the other students,
in class, at lunch,
even at recess.
One thing, though, I was part
of the second-class group
of students who
didn't have phones.
I mean, I got along
fine at the school,
but I didn't really
have any close friends.
Everyone was busy
doing their own thing.
Since both of my parents worked,
I'd be all by myself until
around 7:00 at night.
I'd get bored,
and after a while,
TV, comics, and video
games weren't fun anymore.
I suppose I could've studied,
but I didn't really
feel like it.
There wasn't anything I
wanted to be when I grew up.
That was years away,
so I wasn't worried about it.
I would've been fine
living like that
until I was all grown up.
I was happy that my
parents were raising me
to live a perfectly normal life.
I guess the thing is
that I was just...
I think I was kind of lonely.
[pensive music]
Then one night,
my parents forgot
to put away the sleeping
pills they always took.
I was just gonna play around
them when all of a sudden...
--Hey!
--[Susumu gasps]
You can take those, but
they're not gonna kill you.
That's the moment when
my angel appeared.
He told me his name was
Penema, the Angel of Games.
Um, you know, like
the kind you play.
He told me he
really loves games,
and then he gave me a
Red Arrow and Wings.
I can shoot up to 14
people with my Red Arrows.
Shooting someone with an Arrow
makes 'em like me a whole lot.
Once I do that, they'll
play with me anytime I want.
You take this Arrow,
and you go shoot people?
And then after that,
you're much more popular?
--Is that what you're saying?
--That's right.
Since then, going to
school's been kinda fun.
Hey! Susumu, you're
one of my best friends.
You can use my
phone if you want.
[Susumu] It was great.
I was using my Wings
and Arrow every day.
But then on the news, I
saw that guy Metropoliman
and heard his challenge.
[Metropoliman] I have
already defeated one.
I will not run and
I will not hide.
To the remaining 11, I say...
Come take me on, if you dare!
He's gonna find me and kill me!
This is no good.
It isn't fun at all.
Why does this always happen?
Someone like him shows up
and then gets in my way.
There are White Arrows, too,
and they can be
used to kill people.
In fact, that's exactly
what Metropoliman used
when he killed four of
the other God candidates.
He's telling them
about White Arrows.
He's revealing too much.
What's the problem?
He's telling the truth.
Around them, Balta, the Angel
of Intuition, showed up.
He knew the human inside
Metropoliman's disguise
and helped me to shoot
him with a Red Arrow.
It was pretty easy.
Wait a minute, Susumu.
That means you know
Metropoliman's true identity!
So who is he?
I don't think I really
wanna answer that one.
Anyway, after
Metropoliman killed
those other four God candidates,
he ended up fighting Red!
And then, I gotta tell you
the truth, it was super fun!
I'd never felt so excited
before in my whole life!
It was nothing like comics
or TV or video games.
It was a real fight
with real people!
For the first time in my life,
I felt like I was a
part of something!
I was jumping out of my skin!
--[reporter stammering]
--Ms. Akai!
Huh? Oh, right.
Susumu, is that everything
you wanted the people
out there to know?
Oh. Well, no.
Like I said before,
we're in the middle
of choosing the next God.
I don't know how
the process works.
I just know that including me,
there are six God
candidates left.
So I think the whole
world should know
what the remaining God
candidates are like
and choose one of
them to take over.
Here's what I say.
Why shouldn't we all have
a part in what happens?
Everyone out there in the world,
please listen to me and go
find the God candidates!
Then we'll be able to choose
the next God together!
This kid is crazy. Completely.
I think you're right.
He just called for everybody
on the planet to track us down.
[twisted music]
Personally,
if the choice was up to me,
I'd want Red to become God.
[closing theme music]